TELCODOCS-2328 updating RDS files for 4.20 (#100502)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-core-topology-aware-lifecycle-manager.adoc

Engineering considerations::
* Only policies with the `ran.openshift.io/ztp-deploy-wave` annotation are applied by {cgu-operator} during initial cluster installation.
* Any policy can be remediated by {cgu-operator} under control of a user created `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CR.
* Set the `MachineConfigPool` (`mcp`) CR `paused` field to true during a cluster upgrade maintenance window and set the `maxUnavailable` field to the maximum tolerable value.
This prevents multiple cluster node reboots during upgrade, which results in a shorter overall upgrade.
When you unpause the `mcp` CR, all the configuration changes are applied with a single reboot.
+
[NOTE]
====
During installation, custom `mcp` CRs can be paused along with setting `maxUnavailable` to 100% to improve installation times.
====

> * Orchestration of an upgrade, including OpenShift, day-2 OLM operators and custom configuration can be done using a ClusterGroupUpgrade (CGU) CR containing policies describing these updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Orchestration of an upgrade, including {product-title}, day-2 OLM operators and custom configuration can be done using a `ClusterGroupUpgrade` (CGU) CR containing policies describing these updates.
```

** An EUS to EUS upgrade can be orchestrated using chained CGU CRs
** Control of MCP pause can be managed through policy in the CGU CRs for a full control plane and worker node rollout of upgrades.

> // coming in 4.20.z ** A full procedure is provided in https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.20/edge_computing/<location is TBD>[Automated EUS-EUS] documentation.

Reviewer 2: Safe to assume this doesn't show up in published docs?
